Changelog for Clippy 1.78 :magic_wand: (#12735)
rust-lang/rust-clippy: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased / Beta / In Rust Nightly

[93f0a9a9...master](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/compare/93f0a9a9...master)

## Rust 1.78

Current stable, released 2024-05-02

[View all 112 merged pull requests](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pulls?q=merged%3A2024-01-26T05%3A46%3A23Z..2024-03-07T16%3A25%3A52Z+base%3Amaster)

### Important Changes

* In a few versions, `cargo-clippy` will now no longer ignore the first argument.
  Passing in `clippy` as the first argument like cargo does will continue to work.
  However, arguments like `--fix` will soon issue a warning and will no longer be.
  `cargo clippy` (without `-`!) is unaffected by this change.
  [#9461](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/9461)

> 

Author: @flip1995 && @matthiaskrgr can you confirm that this part reflects the planned changes from #9461 correctly?

Reviewer: > will soon issue a warning and will no longer be.

There's something missing at the end of this sentence.

I think what is missing here is, that arguments like `--fix` will only temporarily emit a warning but will change behavior (removing the warning again) 1-3 release cycles later.

Reviewer: Also, once we merge the PR that actually introduces the warnings or changes the behavior we might want to write a blog post about it.

Author: Good catch. Now that I'm rereading this, why do we want to issue a warning for that? It feels weird that correct usage, like `cargo-clippy --fix` should issue a warning. Or was the idea just to issue a warning for unexpected arguments? Meaning that
`cargo-clippy --fix` would be accepted, but `cargo-clippy duck --fix` will issue a warning?

Author: Ping @flip1995 @matthiaskrgr, I've now updated this part to say the following

> * These changes will affect users of the `cargo-clippy` binary. Users of the 
>  `cargo clippy` command will be unaffected by the change.
>  
>    In a few versions, `cargo-clippy` will now no longer ignore the first argument.
>    Passing in `clippy` as the first argument like cargo does will continue to work.
>    There will be a transition period where unknown arguments will issue a warning
>    instead of a hard error.

Does that sound good?

Reviewer: Almost. But it never will emit a hard error, it will change bahavior after the transition phase. This is also the answer to why we want to emit a warning first:

Currently `cargo-clippy --fix` does not run `--fix` but will do so in the future. So people using `cargo-clippy --fix` might want to remove the `--fix` flag before the behavior changes, so they can keep the current behavior. Otherwise they can ignore the warning. This warning should also be unaffected by `-Dwarnings`, so that it doesn't break CIs.

  [#12077](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/12077)
* [`mixed_attributes_style`]
  [#12354](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/12354)
* [`empty_docs`]
  [#12342](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/12342)
* [`unnecessary_get_then_check`]
  [#12339](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/12339)
* [`multiple_bound_locations`]
  [#12259](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/12259)
* [`unnecessary_clippy_cfg`]
  [#12303](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/12303)
* [`deprecated_clippy_cfg_attr`]
  [#12292](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/12292)
* [`manual_c_str_literals`]
  [#11919](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/11919)
* [`ref_as_ptr`]
  [#12087](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/12087)
* [`lint_groups_priority`]
  [#11832](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/11832)
* [`unnecessary_result_map_or_else`]
  [#12169](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/12169)
* [`to_string_trait_impl`]
  [#12122](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/12122)
* [`incompatible_msrv`]
  [#12160](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/12160)

### Moves and Deprecations

> * Moved [`mixed_attributes_style`] to `style` (Remains warn-by-default)

Reviewer 2: Does this need to be in the release notes considering that the lint is being added in the same release and didn't exist before? (As far as stable is concerned this lint started out in the style category and was never in a different category to begin with)

Author: Good point, nope, then it should be removed :+1:

> ### Moves and Deprecations
> 
> * Moved [`mixed_attributes_style`] to `style` (Remains warn-by-default)
>   [#12572](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/12572)
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

### Enhancements

* [`thread_local_initializer_can_be_made_const`]: Now checks the [`msrv`] configuration
  [#12405](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/12405)
* [`disallowed_macros`]: Code generated by derive macros can no longer allow this lint
  [#12267](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/12267)
* [`wildcard_imports`]: Add configuration [`allowed-wildcard-imports`] to allow preconfigured wildcards
  [#11979](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/11979)

### ICE Fixes

> * [`ptr_as_ptr`]: No longer ICEs on types from other crates

Reviewer 2: Nit
```suggestion
* [`ptr_as_ptr`]: No longer ICEs when the cast source is a function call to a local variable
```
Something like that? That ICE is unrelated to types and was more a problem because it was calling `.def_id()` on a local variable
